- [Instructor] We're going to take a quick diversion from S3
and talk about IAM.
I'm not going to go into a lot of depth on IAM,
but I want to give you a quick rundown
of how it can apply to S3.
To get started, let's get the ARN for our bucket.
The ARN for our bucket is actually very simple
as it's based on the name.
But to get it,
select your bucket
and you'll see we have
this copied bucket ARN.
Go ahead and copy that.
You could save it somewhere for later,
but I'm just going to leave it in my clipboard
because that's a safe place for right now.
Now back in our AWS Console,
select services and type in IAM.
In this video we're going to create a new user.
So let's go to users and add a user,
and we will name this user oio_RO user.
We're going to select programmatic access for our user,
but we are not going to select console access.
Now we're going to go into permissions.
We have multiple options here.
We can bring from a group,
an existing user,
or we can look at the policies
that already exist.
Let's take a look at the S3 policies,
we can filter that by typing S3.
Let's open up the full access.
You'll see in full access,
if we look at the policy summary,
the full access is just that,
full access to S3.
If you selected JSON,
it's effect will allow on S3 anything that is star.
And that's really important.
Any action on star.
So now let's take a look
at what read-only access looks like.
Read-only access has list and read.
And if you specifically go into that,
it allows you to get star and list star
on any bucket within S3.
Again, a another important aspect.
We are however going to create our own policy.
So we'll go ahead and create a policy
and this brings up the IAM Management Console.
Now there's a couple of ways to do this
if you can manually enter your JSON
if you would like
or you can use the visual editor,
which is what we're going to do.
So select S3 as a service.
The actions you want,
so we can get very specific.
But what we're going to do
is we're going to select get object,
list bucket, and put object.
So those are the permissions.
You'll see now
that we have resources that we need to populate.
So let's do that.
We're going to do specific resources.
So the first one is on the bucket.
We're going to add the full ARN for our buckets
So just select existing text
and paste in what's in your clipboard.
And you'll see the pattern
is just really ARN, AWS, S3, colon, colon, colon,
and then the name of your bucket.
So go ahead and leave that as is.
So now we've restricted this access to just this bucket.
We are going to allow any object to access
within that bucket.
And now let's take a look at our policy.
So let's rewrite multiple resources
for everything we would fully expect.
Now we need to name our policy
We're going to name our policy
LIL read-only policy
and then hit create.
Okay, so our policy has been created.
We're going to close that tab
and return to the previous one.
Now we want to refresh our view
and then we can select LIL.
It'll filter,
select that policy, hit next,
put any tags on where you want to,
review it and create a user.
At this point, you can download the CSV
which I would highly encourage you
to get in the habit of doing
and save it safely.
Or we can look at the individual options on that.
We're not going to mess with any of this right now.
Just know that you can actually filter a user
even within private buckets
to only have access to certain resources within them
and that's really the purpose
of what I wanted to show you within IAM.